CTF
Goal: find some flags on the linux machine 
ssh 

First flag
=
Finding this flag is imperative to moving on quickly, as it contains the passwords from users before they were hacked. Luckily, it doesn't have a great hiding spot.

ls 
cd Desktop
ls -la 
cat .flag 

You found flag_1:$1$WYmnR327$5C1yY4f1BxB1cLjkc92Tq.

second flag 
= 
A famous hacker had created a user on the system a year ago. Find this user, crack his password, and login to his account.

cd Desktop
john --wordlist=.pass_list.txt ../Documents/my-files/shadow

Miknick password = trustno1 
su miknick
You found flag_2:$1$PEDICYq8$6/U/a5Ykxw1OP0.eSrMZO0


.pass_list.txt (in desktop)
shadow (In documents and my-files)

student letmein
mitnick trustno1


Third flag 
= 
Find a ‘log’ file and a zip file related to the hacker's name.
- Use a compound command to figure out the unique count of IP Addresses in this log file. That number is a password.
    
    - **Hint:** Use the `unzip` command to open any zip files you may find.
- Note: To unzip the zip file, use the `unzip` command.

Documents
zip files - .secret.zip 
- needs a password 
- Password = the number of unique counts of Ip Address
	- wc -l (each length)
	- sort - u (sort unqiue)

mitnick.log 
- Location: /var/log/
- mitnick.log

cat /var/log/mitnick.log | sort -u | wc -l
- found 102 

unziping files created a text files named babbage
cat babbage 
- freedom (assuming it is password for user babbage)
su babbage
- freedom 

You found flag_3:$1$Y9tp8XTi$m6pAR1bQ36oAh.At4G5s3.

Fourth flag
= 
Find a directory with a list of hackers. Look for a file that has `read` permissions for the owner, `no` permissions for groups and `executable` only for everyone else.

Documents shows multiple users 
- not hidden files

all other files does not have any hiddne files 

ls -l | grep "^ \ -r  \ - \ - \ - \ - \ - \ - \ -x"
note there is a slash between - 
- gates
	- cat gates (not a directory)
		- nothing
- gosling (not a directory)
	- cat gosling
		- nothing
- stallman (not a directory)
	- cat stallman
		- text saying computers
- woz (not a directory)
	- cat woz
		- has a text called woz 

su woz 
- Woz does not exist

su stallman
- has a password
	- computer 

You found flag_4:$1$lGQ7QprJ$m4eE.b8jhvsp8CNbuIF5U0


Fifth flag
= 
This user is writing a bash script, except it isn't quite working yet. Find it, debug it, and run it.
Documents 
- Has a flag5.sh script
	- chmod +x flag5.sh
	- ./flag5.sh
		- line 4 error - near unexpected token 'do'
		- line 4: '      do'
	- nano flag5.sh
		- there is a extra do in 3 and 4 line 
			- line 3: for i in ${0}; do 
			- line 4: do 
		- erase line 3 do 
	- chmod +x flag5.sh
	- ./flag5.sh
		- error line 14 'else'
		- line 14: '     else'
	- nano flag5.sh
		 if [ ${#file} -gt $width ]
	        echo "$file" | fmt | sed -e '$s/^/  /' -e '2,$s/^/+ /'
	        else
		-NOTE: Missing a then statement after if 
	- chmod +x flag5.sh
	- ./flag.sh
Result --------------- sysadmin : passw0rd ----------------
You found flag_5:$1$zuzYyKCN$secHwYBXIELGqOv8rWzG00


sixth flag
= 
Inspect this user's custom aliases and run the suspicious one for the proper flag.

all files in sysadmin is empty 

To check for aliases 
- $nano .bashrc

Under note: Alias definitions.
alias flag="echo You found 'flag_6:\$1\$Qbq.XLLp\$oj.BXuxR2q99bJwNEFhSH1'"
Notes in nano bash.rc : 
- You may want to put all your additions into a separate file like
- ~/.bash_aliases, instead of adding them here directly.
- See /usr/share/doc/bash-doc/examples in the bash-doc package.
if [ -f ~/.bash_aliases ]; then
    . ~/.bash_aliases

$flag
You found flag_6:$1$Qbq.XLLp$oj.BXuxR2q99bJwNEFhSH1

sysadmin may run the following cmd
	all:all all
	all:all /usr/bin/less

sudo less .bashrc 

!/bin/bash
- this will stwitch you to root 
You found flag_7:$1$zmr05X2t$QfOdeJVDpph5pBPpVL6oy0

